I was a guy who's GCSE here and welcome
to my very first next gen video today
we've got a 1 million coin pack open so
go have a nice guys if it gets much 1500
for next gen it would be greatly
appreciated and if you're looking to
purchase some cheap and reliable odenton
Quinn's then go check out the fifa shop
co uk the links will be in the
description below as well as a discount
code of messy 10 and basically I noticed
a bit lady but i have now finally got
nomination all sorted there are some
trouble with my account but that is all
good now and starting from tomorrow
we're gonna have gameplay and all that
good stuff so if you are new to channel
hit that subscribe button and a question
for the comments below guys and let me
know what next-gen videos you'd like me
to do is of course I've got I've got a
lot of time now to make all these videos
for you guys so I'll do what you want to
see I've got on the list I've got legend
score builders and legend player reviews
i'll probably be coming the skull is a
pro site tomorrow actually and series
definitely rotos will start next week
and I'm a thing like doing a live
commentary series and as I'm talking
like that we do get a in inform that is
our very very first one and these are
just pack opening highlights because
this was done at about two or three in
the morning last night and in all
honesty and I was I was to contemplate a
fifa points or just a massive pack
opening by one with this and we get a
killing you straight after the exactly
right back after i will see a nick has
been at which is them of course but it's
a god and but in these packs i'm gonna
show you what I keep them because I just
see I got Shane Long if you thought
rozinsky resistant wasn't perroquet but
things on top well then and generally my
thoughts or next gen and my first
opinions I'll be painted out for a fresh
a whole day and I love it the xbox one
is a great great console in my eyes ur
it connects actually useful connectors
horrendous on the on the previous gen
bonk on next-gen connect actually works
like I don't use it necessary to the
video features but and the voice command
it I don't know why but it's an it's a
lot more simple just to say like Xbox
settings and you can even turn the xbox
on x 10 x box on and hopefully I haven't
just turned it on and I didn't click
widow and plug that's all good basically
the voice commands a really very
accurate and they are they do work which
is very cool and I've got four games i
believe at the moment
but I'm going to get dead rising in a
few others i think it's a couple of days
nba's another one i definitely want to
get NBA looks absolutely class that the
graphics night game are impeccable but
I've got battlefield Forza and ecology
and FIFA cool Julian FIFA of course I've
played on previous gen and FIFA had a
lot of flaws but I've played I've only
played two seasons on that this FIFA but
it seems absolutely quality the end new
animations seem really slick and the
crown animations at first I thought was
a bit of a gimmick but really if you
play it the you can actually hear like
that the crowd chanting real songs as
being Liverpool and you can just hear
the chants it's absolutely amazing and
when you score the one thing that
doesn't know me a little bit was when
you score you don't get the player name
but I suppose it makes it a bit they're
trying to make it more TV like and
understand that and there may be an
option if you try to add it hopefully
but it still is really really cool and
nice additions to the game battlefield
battle phone in my opinion is my
favorite game on next-gen it is
incredible at the graphics are purged on
earth since before they aren't they are
unbeatable and I learned that I think
they're slightly better on the ps4 but
nevertheless the gameplay wise 60 frames
per second is amazing like it makes such
a difference I didn't really like
battlefield 3 and bow foot for they've
added it so they've now got and 32 verse
is 32 on console which is there a great
and it's really fun game I think I'm
holding like a 2k dealing just pretty
cool sniping is great fun and also
Corddry game am actually am one of the
few fans of cool j goes on a current gen
our next gen again its parent it's a
very similar game to current gen but the
lighting is a lot different and that the
graphics wise they haven't improved it
massively but the lighting has of course
been a great i'm expecting that the real
big changes for next gen to come in next
year when there they've had longer to
work on the move because of course they
like to work on two games pretty much
and the other one for The Fool has
always had amazing graphics this one it
takes it to a whole new level 3 because
in the controller when you go on the
slip slip stream or something the red
and white stripe your bits in the
outside of it okay a corner if you go
over that actually rumbles at the
trigger and I whatever either
do on and if really the controller is
very nice there so in my pin and maybe a
little bit biased cuz im an ex was
person but if you are thinking about
getting one I would definitely recommend
it it's a lot more fun and with the Nate
with big names a big titles come up like
a Titan full I it's it's a big one it's
good we good guys but as you can see I'm
going through the players actually going
to pax poison that the Coventry wasn't
based around FIFA that's because I've
been playing other games because I've
traveled the account stuff but now it's
all good all good to go I like that
guy's 1500 lights would be greatly
appreciated and make sure to overcome
blow let me know what next-gen videos
you would like to see I can do anything
anything that's all like manager mode
potentially so keep them off that M so
thank ice watch a video pledge of light
appear subscribe and I will see guys
next time